Powdered rhubarb leaf and an adder's stomach.
A tiny strip of white cloth.
a tiny bell and a piece of fine silver wire.
A morsel of food.
A drop of blood, a piece of flesh, and a pinch of bone dust.
A pinch of powdered iron or iron fillings.
A bit of bat fur.
An eggshell and a snakeskin glove.
Gold dust worth at least 25 gp, which the spell consumes.
A miniature platinum sword with a grip and pommel of copper and zinc, worth 250 gp.
A small square of silk.
For each creature you affect with this spell, you must provide one jacinth worth at least 1,000 gp and one ornately carved bar of silver worth at least 100 gp, all of which the spell consumes.
Specially marked sticks, bones, or similar tokens worth at least 25 gp.
A drop of blood.
An item distasteful to the target.
A handful of oak bark.
A piece of tentacle from a giant octopus or a giant squid.
A sprinkling of holy water.
A bit of fur; a piece of amber, glass, or a crystal rod; and three silver pins.
The powder of a crushed black pearl worth at least 500 gp.
A diamond worth at least 1,000 gp and at least 1 cubic inch of flesh of the creature that is to be cloned, which the spell consumes, and a vessel worth at least 2,000 gp that has a sealable lid and is large enough to hold a Medium creature, such as a huge urn, coffin, mud-filled cyst in the ground, or crystal container filled with salt water.
A pinch of powder or sand that is colored red, yellow, and blue.
A pinch of soot and salt.
A small crystal or glass cone.
Three nut shells.
Burning incense for air, soft clay for earth, sulfur and phosphorus for fire, or water and sand for water.
One holly berry per creature summoned.
A statuette of yourself carved from ivory and decorated with gems worth at least 1,500 gp.
Ruby dust worth 50 gp, which the spell consumes.
A drop of water and a pinch of dust.
Burning incense and bits of earth and wood mixed in water.
One clay pot filled with grave dirt, one clay pot filled with brackish water, and one 150 gp black onyx stone for each corpse.
A drop of water if creating water or a few grains of sand if destroying it.
A tiny piece of matter of the same type of the item you plan to create.
A bit of phosphorus or wychwood, or a glowworm.
Bat fur and a drop of pitch or piece of coal.
Either a pinch of dried carrot or an agate.
A tiny ball of bat guano and sulfur.
A yew leaf.
A copper piece.
A lodestone and a pinch of dust.
Holy water or powdered silver and iron.
A handful of sand, a dab of ink, and a writing quill plucked from a sleeping bird.
A pinch of dirt, a piece of rock, and a lump of clay.
Fur or a feather from a beast.
A tiny silver whistle, a piece of bone, and a thread.
A small amount of alcohol or distilled spirits.
A handful of clay, crystal, glass, or mineral spheres.
10 gp worth of charcoal, incense, and herbs that must be consumed by fire in a brass brazier.
A set of divinatory tools—such as bones, ivory sticks, cards, teeth, or carved runes—worth 100 gp and an object from the location you wish to find.
A bit of phosphorus or a firefly.
Leaf of sumac.
Pinch of sulfur.
A bit of tallow, a pinch of brimstone, and a dusting of powdered iron.
A pinch of lime, water, and earth.
A drop of mercury.
A sprinkling of holy water, rare incense, and powdered ruby worth at least 1,000 gp.
Ruby dust worth 1,500 gp.
A hummingbird feather.
A leather strap, bound around the arm or a similar appendage.
A small crystal sphere.
A pinch of salt and one copper piece placed on each of the corpse’s eyes, which must remain there for the duration.
A glass or crystal bead that shatters when the spell ends.
Incense and powdered diamond worth at least 200 gp, which the spell consumes.
A sprig of mistletoe.
A bit of pork rind or butter.
Diamond dust worth at least 100 gp, which the spell consumes.
Burning incense, a small measure of brimstone and oil, a knotted string, a small amount of umber hulk blood, and a small silver rod worth at least 10 gp.
A legume seed.
Herbs, oils, and incense worth at least 1,000 gp, which the spell consumes.
A stone, a twig, and a bit of green plant.
A shaving of licorice root.
A piece of iron and a flame.
A gem-encrusted bowl worth at least 1,000 gp, which the spell consumes.
Tiny tarts and a feather that is waved in the air.
A small, straight piece of iron.
A small, straight piece of iron.
A tiny reliquary worth at least 1,000 gp containing a sacred relic, such as a scrap of cloth from a saint’s robe or a piece of parchment from a religious text.
A glowing stick of incense or a crystal vial filled with phosphorescent material.
A pinch of dust and a few drops of water.
A pearl worth at least 100 gp and an owl feather.
A lead-based ink worth at least 10 gp, which the spell consumes.
A vellum depiction or a carved statuette in the likeness of the target, and a special component that varies according to the version of the spell you choose, worth at least 500 gp per Hit Die of the target.
A few grains of sugar, some kernels of grain, and a smear of fat.
A sapphire worth 1,000 gp.
Incense worth at least 250 gp, which the spell consumes, and four ivory strips worth at least 50 gp each.
Either a small leather loop or a piece of golden wire bent into a cup shape with a long shank on one end.
A bit of fur from a bloodhound.
A bit of fur from a bloodhound.
A forked twig.
A pinch of dirt.
A piece of cured leather.
Holy water or powdered silver and iron worth at least 100 gp, which the spell consumes.
A gem, crystal, reliquary, or some other ornamental container worth at least 500 gp.
A small bit of honeycomb and jade dust worth at least 10 gp, which the spell consumes.
A miniature portal carved from ivory, a small piece of polished marble, and a tiny silver spoon, each item worth at least 5 gp.
A bit of fleece.
A snake’s tongue and either a bit of honeycomb or a drop of sweet oil.
Two lodestones.
A short piece of copper wire.
A bit of fleece.
Several seeds of any moonseed plant and a piece of opalescent feldspar.
An iron blade and a small bag containing a mixture of soils—clay, loam, and sand.
A pinch of diamond dust worth 25 gp sprinkled over the target, which the spell consumes.
Ashes from a burned leaf of mistletoe and a sprig of spruce.
A pinch of sesame seeds.
A jewel worth at least 1,000 gp, which the spell consumes.
A forked, metal rod worth at least 250 gp, attuned to a particular plane of existence.
A thin sheet of lead, a piece of opaque glass, a wad of cotton or cloth, and powdered chrysolite.
A bit of fleece and jade dust worth at least 25 gp.
A small replica of you made from materials worth at least 5 gp.
Holy water or powdered silver and iron, which the spell consumes.
A diamond worth at least 500 gp, which the spell consumes.
A prayer wheel and holy water.
Rare oils and unguents worth at least 1,000 gp, which the spell consumes.
A hemispherical piece of clear crystal and a matching hemispherical piece of gum arabic.
A lodestone and iron fillings.
Diamonds worth 300 gp, which the spell consumes.
Powdered corn extract and a twisted loop of parchment.
A small silver mirror.
A focus worth at least 1,000 gp, such as a crystal ball, a silver mirror, or a font filled with holy water.
An exquisite chest, 3 feet by 2 feet by 2 feet, constructed from rare materials worth at least 5,000 gp, and a Tiny replica made from the same materials worth at least 50 gp.
A pinch of talc and a small sprinkling of powdered silver.
A short piece of fine copper wire.
A powder composed of diamond, emerald, ruby, and sapphire dust worth at least 5,000 gp, which the spell consumes.
A jade circlet worth at least 1,500 gp, which you must place on your head before you cast the spell.
A chip of mica.
A small parchment with a bit of holy text written on it.
Mistletoe, a shamrock leaf, and a club or quarterstaff.
A bit of fleece.
Snow or ice in quantities sufficient to made a life-size copy of the duplicated creature; some hair, fingernail clippings, or other piece of that creature’s body placed inside the snow or ice; and powdered ruby worth 1,500 gp, sprinkled over the duplicate and consumed by the spell.
A pinch of fine sand, rose petals, or a cricket.
A pinch of dust and a few drops of water.
Burning incense.
Seven sharp thorns or seven small twigs, each sharpened to a point.
A holy symbol.
A rotten egg or several skunk cabbage leaves.
Soft clay, which must be worked into roughly the desired shape of the stone object.
Diamond dust worth 100 gp, which the spell consumes.
A magnifying glass.
Fire and a piece of sunstone.
Mercury, phosphorus, and powdered diamond and opal with a total value of at least 1,000 gp, which the spell consumes.
Pieces of eggshell from two different kinds of creatures.
Rare chalks and inks infused with precious gems with 50 gp, which the spell consumes.
A small crystal bead.
A small clay model of a ziggurat.
A drop of mercury, a dollop of gum arabic, and a wisp of smoke.
A sprinkle of holy water and diamonds worth at least 25,000 gp, which the spell consumes.
An ointment for the eyes that costs 25 gp; is made from mushroom powder, saffron, and fat; and is consumed by the spell.
A piece of string and a bit of wood.
A small piece of phosphorus.
A pinch of powder made by crushing a clear gemstone.
A small piece of quartz.
A small block of granite.
A handful of thorns.
A pair of platinum rings worth at least 50 gp each, which you and the target must wear for the duration.
Fire and holy water.
A tiny fan and a feather of exotic origin.
